fix: grammar in README (#36)
tact-lang/tact-sublime: README.md

  <p>Color schemes on these screenshots: <i>One Light</i> | <i>One Dark</i></p>
</p>

This package features a comprehensive [TextMate grammar for Tact](package/Tact.tmLanguage.json), which is used for syntax highlighting in Sublime Text, Tact docs, TON Web IDE, and other places. It's thoroughly tested [locally](tests/) and in [GitHub Actions CI](.github/workflows/ci.yml), and it also plays well with [Shiki syntax highlighter](https://github.com/shikijs/shiki).

### ✍ Auto-completions and ⌨ Code snippets

<img src=".github/media/feature-completions.png" alt="Feature: Auto-completions and Code snippets"/>

Completions for:

* Various constants, global static functions, and structs from the [core library](https://docs.tact-lang.org/ref). Note that all of the static functions are complete with their expected arguments!
* Literals, such as `true` or `null`
* Keywords, such as `return` or `while`
* Built-in types, such as `Bool` or `map<K, V>`
* Serialization types, like `uint8` or `coins`

> * and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* …and more!
```

Intentionally placed three dots :)

}
```

> Additionally, you can turn off all snippets and suggestions provided by this (and other) packages and leave everything to LSPs. To do so, set `"inhibit_snippet_competions"` to `true` right after `"clients"` in the same settings (**Preferences: LSP Settings** in the command palette):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can disable all snippets and suggestions provided by this (and other) packages and leave everything to LSPs. To do so, set `"inhibit_snippet_competions"` to `true` right after `"clients"` in the same settings (**Preferences: LSP Settings** in the command palette):
```

Reverting because "you can turn off all" is tough to pronounce compared to "you can disable all," and there's a negligible difference in the meaning.
